- My final website is about remodeling and decorating your home on a budget. I will teach a vast array of things such as repurposing thrifted items; diy projects using common household items; and also homemade self-care and wellness remedies. My philosophy is that looking and feeling good doesn't have to be expensive. I chose muted greens and pinks for the color scheme so that it gives off a natural and organic feel. When I think of being repurposeful and budget-conscious, I think of natural colors as they're often associated with being "green" and "sustainable." Right now I'm working on the home page, and the picture icons are going to be links to other pages, but I'm still trying to figure out how to do that. I want the website to be functional, as well as aesthetically pleasing. I think a thrifty-minded audience would want a very practical website, so I'm keeping that in mind. However, as I'm developing this website, I'm starting not to like the navagation bar underneath Thrifty Thumb header. I think it takes up a lot of unecessary space. I also think that the menu bar on top gives off a very contrived feeling. I might just put the about and diy elements on the same bar as the others. Obviously everything is still a work in progress, but I think I'll get there.

- Responsive web design is important because more users are turning to mobile devices to view websites and content. We're going smaller with technology, as experts predicted, and it probably won't stop anytime soon. You want the website to look good on all devices so that you can inclusive to all audiences.